Calculating feature token frequencies in SPAM files...
DONE
Calculating feature token frequencies in HAM files...
DONE

Running Naive-Bayes classifier...
test file 1 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 2 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 3 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 4 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 5 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 6 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 7 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 8 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 9 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 10 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 11 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 12 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 13 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 14 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 15 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 16 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 17 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 18 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 19 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 20 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 21 classified as: HAM -> WRONG!
test file 22 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 23 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 24 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 25 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 26 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 27 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 28 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 29 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 30 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 31 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 32 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 33 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 34 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 35 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 36 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 37 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 38 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 39 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 40 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 41 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 42 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 43 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 44 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 45 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 46 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 47 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 48 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 49 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 50 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 51 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 52 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 53 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 54 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 55 classified as: HAM -> WRONG!
test file 56 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 57 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 58 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 59 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 60 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 61 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 62 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 63 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 64 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 65 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 66 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 67 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 68 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 69 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 70 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 71 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 72 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 73 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 74 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 75 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 76 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 77 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 78 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 79 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 80 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 81 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 82 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 83 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 84 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 85 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 86 classified as: HAM -> WRONG!
test file 87 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 88 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 89 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 90 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 91 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 92 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 93 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 94 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 95 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 96 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 97 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 98 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 99 classified as: HAM -> WRONG!
test file 100 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 101 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 102 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 103 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 104 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 105 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 106 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 107 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 108 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 109 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 110 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 111 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 112 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 113 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 114 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 115 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 116 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 117 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 118 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 119 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 120 classified as: HAM -> WRONG!
test file 121 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 122 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 123 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 124 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 125 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 126 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 127 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 128 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 129 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 130 classified as: SPAM -> correct
test file 131 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 132 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 133 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 134 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 135 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 136 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 137 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 138 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 139 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 140 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 141 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 142 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 143 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 144 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 145 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 146 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 147 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 148 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 149 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 150 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 151 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 152 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 153 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 154 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 155 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 156 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 157 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 158 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 159 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 160 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 161 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 162 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 163 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 164 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 165 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 166 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 167 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 168 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 169 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 170 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 171 classified as: SPAM -> WRONG!
test file 172 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 173 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 174 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 175 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 176 classified as: SPAM -> WRONG!
test file 177 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 178 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 179 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 180 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 181 classified as: SPAM -> WRONG!
test file 182 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 183 classified as: SPAM -> WRONG!
test file 184 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 185 classified as: SPAM -> WRONG!
test file 186 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 187 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 188 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 189 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 190 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 191 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 192 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 193 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 194 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 195 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 196 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 197 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 198 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 199 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 200 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 201 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 202 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 203 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 204 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 205 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 206 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 207 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 208 classified as: SPAM -> WRONG!
test file 209 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 210 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 211 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 212 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 213 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 214 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 215 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 216 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 217 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 218 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 219 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 220 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 221 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 222 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 223 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 224 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 225 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 226 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 227 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 228 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 229 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 230 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 231 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 232 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 233 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 234 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 235 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 236 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 237 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 238 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 239 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 240 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 241 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 242 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 243 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 244 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 245 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 246 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 247 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 248 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 249 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 250 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 251 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 252 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 253 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 254 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 255 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 256 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 257 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 258 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 259 classified as: HAM -> correct
test file 260 classified as: HAM -> correct

accuracy: 95.7692 %
The error of the method is: 4.2308 %
number of wrong classifications:  11 out of 260 files
number of wrong spam classifications (false positives): 6 out of 260 files
number of wrong ham classifications (false negatives): 5 out of 260 files
precision for spam files: 95.419847 %
precision for ham files: 96.124031 %
recall for spam files: 96.153846 %
recall for ham files: 95.384615 %
f1-score for spam files: 95.785441 %
f1-score for ham files: 95.752896 %
